Add documentation for ariaLabel with suggestion chips (#61)
Botcopy/docs: docs/responses/botcopy-custom-payloads.md

| `action`     | `object`           | Defines what happens when the suggestion is clicked. Options include:                           |
|              |                    | - **[message](#message)**: Continues the conversation with a predefined command.                |
|              |                    | - **[link](#link)**: Opens an external URL in a new window or tab.                              |

> | `ariaLabel`  | `string`           | *(Optional)* Custom accessibility label for screen readers. Overrides the default aria-label (which uses the title text). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ariaLabel`  | `string`           | *(Optional)* Custom accessibility label for screen readers. Overrides the default aria-label (which defaults to the title text). |
```
